latex2e-_odot is latex2e-_cdot in circle
latex2e-_oplus is latex2e-+ in circle
latex2e-_otimes is latex2e-_times in circle
latex2e-_textregistered is tipa-_textscr in circle
amssymb-_boxdot is latex2e-_cdot in square
amssymb-_boxtimes is latex2e-_times in square
amssymb-_circledast is latex2e-_ast in circle
amssymb-_circledcirc is latex2e-_bigcirc in circle
amssymb-_circleddash is latex2e-_--- in circle
logix-_CircDivd is latex2e-_div in circle
logix-_CircInvNt is logix-_InvNt in circle
logix-_CircMinusPlus is latex2e-_mp in circle
logix-_CircNand is logix-_Nand in circle
logix-_CircNd is latex2e-_land in circle
logix-_CircNgt is latex2e-_sim in circle
logix-_CircNor is stix-_barvee in circle
logix-_CircNt is latex2e-_lnot in circle
logix-_CircOr is latex2e-_lor in circle
logix-_CircPlusMinus is latex2e-_pm in circle
logix-_CircXor is stix-_wedgebar in circle
mathabx-_boxasterisk is latex2e-_ast in square
mathabx-_boxcirc is latex2e-_circ in square
mathabx-_boxdiv is latex2e-_div in square
mathabx-_boxtriangleup is latex2e-_Delta in square
mathabx-_otriangleup is latex2e-_Delta in circle
MnSymbol-_boxbox is amssymb-_square in square
MnSymbol-_boxminus is logix-_Minus in square
MnSymbol-_boxplus is latex2e-+ in square
MnSymbol-_boxvert is latex2e-| in square
MnSymbol-_ostar is latex2e-_star in circle
stix-_acidfree is latex2e-_infty in circle
stix-_circledequal is fdsymbol-_equal in circle
stix-_circledparallel is latex2e-_Vert in circle
stix-_odotslashdot is MnSymbol-_slashdiv in circle
stix-_ogreaterthan is latex2e-_textgreater in circle
stix-_olessthan is latex2e-_textless in circle
stix-_operp is latex2e-_perp in circle
stix-_Otimes is latex2e-_otimes in circle
stix-_triangleminus is logix-_Minus in triangle
stix-_triangleplus is latex2e-+ in triangle
stix-_triangletimes is latex2e-_times in triangle
stmaryrd-_boxbslash is latex2e-_backslash in square
stmaryrd-_boxslash is latex2e-/ in square
